README.md, before:

# Web3 Crypto Lottery

A crypto lottery that can be deployed in a few days and that supports 10+ networks, including: Ethereum, BSC (BNB Chain), Solana, Polygon, Arbitrum...

## Tech Stack

<details>
  <summary>Front End (App & Admin Panel)</summary>
  <ul>
      <li>Next.js</li>
      <li>React.js</li>
      <li>Redux Toolkit</li>
      <li>TypeScript</li>
      <li>Wagmi</li>
      <li>Jest (for unit testing)</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Back End</summary>
  <ul>
      <li>Node.js</li>
      <li>Express.js</li>
      <li>TypeScript</li>
      <li>MongoDB & Mongoose</li>
      <li>Swagger</li>
      <li>Jest & Supertest (for unit & integration testing)</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Blockchain</summary>
  <ul>
      <li>Solidity</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>DevOps</summary>
  <ul>
      <li>Docker</li>
      <li>GitLab CI</li>
  </ul>
</details>

## Pricing

|                  | Basic Package | NoFee Package | Special Offer |
|------------------|---------------|---------------|---------------|
| Fee              | 2%            | 0%            | 0%            |
| Maintenance Cost | Free          | $2,000 / year | Free          |
| Community        | 1000+         | 10000+        | 50000+        |
| Custom design    | Only colors   | Yes           | Yes           |
| Pricing          | $5000         | $20.000       | Contact Us    |

## Frequently asked questions

<details>
  <summary>What's the cost of the white-label crypto lottery development?</summary>
  <p> We have two price offers:</p> 
  <ul>
      <li>Basic Package - <b>$5,000</b> first payment and 2% of revenue. For these funds, the solution will be adapted for you and deployed on your server. Product maintenance will be free.</li>
      <li>NoFee Package - <b>$20,000</b> first payment and $2,000 per year for maintenance. Suitable if you have a large community and there will be many users from the start.</li>
      <li>Special Offer - <b>$0</b>, If you have a large community and you are looking for a technological partner in the share - this option may be useful for you. We provide CTO and team as our investment</li>  
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>How much time do you need to make a blockchain lottery?</summary>
  <p>Since this is a White-Label solution, its development and launch takes 3-4 times less time than when developing it from scratch.</p>
  <p>You will receive a ready-made solution in less than a month.</p>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>What are the main features of OmiSoft’s white-label crypto lottery?</summary>
  <p>The key features of our blockchain lottery include an easy-to-use UX and mobile-friendly interface, multichain support, token creation, a convenient admin panel for system management, and flexible rule setting.</p>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>How much does product maintenance cost?</summary>
  <p>Basic Package maintenance is free, and NoFee Package maintenance costs $2,000 per year.</p>
</details>

## Contacts

- [Telegram (Write if you have any questions)](https://telegram.me/omisoft)
- [Project Page](https://omisoft.net/demo/crypto-lottery/)

Commit message:

added Live Demo, Other Package Solutions & Supported network

README.md, after:

# Web3 Crypto Lottery

A crypto lottery that can be deployed in a few days and that supports 10+ networks, including: Ethereum, BSC (BNB Chain), Solana, Polygon, Arbitrum...

## Tech Stack

<details>
  <summary>Front End (App & Admin Panel)</summary>
  <ul>
      <li>Next.js</li>
      <li>React.js</li>
      <li>Redux Toolkit</li>
      <li>TypeScript</li>
      <li>Wagmi</li>
      <li>Jest (for unit testing)</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Back End</summary>
  <ul>
      <li>Node.js</li>
      <li>Express.js</li>
      <li>TypeScript</li>
      <li>MongoDB & Mongoose</li>
      <li>Swagger</li>
      <li>Jest & Supertest (for unit & integration testing)</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Blockchain</summary>
  <ul>
      <li>Solidity</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>DevOps</summary>
  <ul>
      <li>Docker</li>
      <li>GitLab CI</li>
  </ul>
</details>

## Pricing

|                  | Basic Package | NoFee Package | Special Offer |
|------------------|---------------|---------------|---------------|
| Fee              | 2%            | 0%            | 0%            |
| Maintenance Cost | Free          | $2,000 / year | Free          |
| Community        | 1000+         | 10000+        | 50000+        |
| Custom design    | Only colors   | Yes           | Yes           |
| Pricing          | $5000         | $20.000       | Contact Us    |

## Live Demo

Want a personal demo of our Crypto Lottery solution?

Write to us, and we will answer all your questions and tell you all about your potential lottery:

- [Our Telegram](https://telegram.me/omisoft)
- [Contact Us page](https://omisoft.net/contact-us/)
- [Our Email](mailto:hi@omisoft.net)

## Supported Networks

- Ethereum
- Arbitrum
- Optimism
- Polygon
- Base
- BSC (BNB Chain, Binance Smart Chain)
- Avalanche
- Celo
- Blast
- Polkadot
- Solana
- And others, write to us if the network you need is not in this list

## Frequently asked questions

<details>
  <summary>What's the cost of the white-label crypto lottery development?</summary>
  <p> We have two price offers:</p> 
  <ul>
      <li>Basic Package - <b>$5,000</b> first payment and 2% of revenue. For these funds, the solution will be adapted for you and deployed on your server. Product maintenance will be free.</li>
      <li>NoFee Package - <b>$20,000</b> first payment and $2,000 per year for maintenance. Suitable if you have a large community and there will be many users from the start.</li>
      <li>Special Offer - <b>$0</b>, If you have a large community and you are looking for a technological partner in the share - this option may be useful for you. We provide CTO and team as our investment</li>  
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>How much time do you need to make a blockchain lottery?</summary>
  <p>Since this is a White-Label solution, its development and launch takes 3-4 times less time than when developing it from scratch.</p>
  <p>You will receive a ready-made solution in less than a month.</p>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>What are the main features of OmiSoft’s white-label crypto lottery?</summary>
  <p>The key features of our blockchain lottery include an easy-to-use UX and mobile-friendly interface, multichain support, token creation, a convenient admin panel for system management, and flexible rule setting.</p>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>How much does product maintenance cost?</summary>
  <p>Basic Package maintenance is free, and NoFee Package maintenance costs $2,000 per year.</p>
</details>

## Other Package Solutions

- [Crypto Lottery](https://omisoft.net/demo/crypto-lottery/)
- [Dex Platform](https://omisoft.net/demo/white-label-dex-solutions/)
- [ICO & IDO Launchpad](https://omisoft.net/demo/white-label-crypto-launchpad-development/)
- [NFT Marketplace](https://omisoft.net/demo/whitelabel-nft-marketplace-development/)
